Bye project has started back up.
I don't see any distinct errors inside of here or anything like that, so I'm going to go back over
to my browser and do a quick test.
I still have my original window open at ticketing Dev.
Remember, that's how we access our application.
So I'm going to refresh this and I should still see content up here.
Looks good.
All right.
So that definitely means that everything is working as expected.
Now, at this point, I would like to very quickly show you how we can very easily make a change to
something inside of our common module and then reflect those changes inside of our project.
So let's imagine that we need to make a change to the common module, maybe inside the index file.
Maybe.
I don't know.
We need to add just a simple comment at the top.
I'll put in a comment up here that says something like re-export.
Stuff from eres and middle wears.
Simple enough.
So now if we wanted to get this change reflected or this update over to our auth project, here's what
we would do.
We'd save these changes.
We would go back over to our terminal.
We would change into our directory or something.
Not off, but common.
We eventually want to be enough.
Right now we want to be inside a common.
So we're going to rebuild and publish our project.
Recall that we put together a little script to automate that entire process for a real project.
We don't really want to have that script, but again or this course, it's going to save us a decent
amount of time.
So I'll do an NPM run pub.
That'll do the commit, the version, the build, and then the publish.
And there we go.
So I'm up to version 1.09.
Chances are you're not at version 1.9.
I had to record some of the videos before this several times to get everything kind of working just
right, and that's why I've got this higher version number here.
So latest version is 1.9.
We need to make sure that our auth project now uses version 1.9 as well.
So we'll change over to auth.
And then all we really have to do is an NPM update.
SG tickets slash comment and of course you'll replace SG tickets with your organisation name.
So I'll run that.
And very quickly, we will see.
There we go.
Version 1.09.
Now that makes a change as usual to our package chase on file.
So if we go back over to Scaffold, we're going to see that our image is being rebuilt.
We're going to be installing all of our dependencies again, which means that we should be getting at
the latest version of that common module.
Now I'm going to let this just do its thing here really quick, just so I can verify that this actually
all occurred.
Actually, no reason.
Well, okay, there it goes.
It always seems like sometimes it takes forever.
Sometimes it doesn't take any time.
Okay, simple enough.
Looks like everything's restarting.
But how do we actually know that our container is running the correct version of that dependency?
Well, we could actually kind of go into the container and just verify that everything worked as expected.
Let me show you how I can open up another terminal window.
I'm going to do a little get pods.
I'm going to find the pod running our authentication project, and I'm going to try to start up a shell
inside of that pod.
So we're going to access the container inside there and try to take a look at some of the different
files inside of that container directly just to make sure we're running the latest version of our common
project.
So I'm going to copy that pod name and do a CTL exec dash it, then the pod name.
And then at the very end.
So I've now got a shell running inside of that container.
There's the node modules directory inside of there.
So I want to try to open up that node modules folder.
I want to find our common module inside there and I just want to print out the package JSON file and
make sure that we got version 1.9 side there.
So I will change into node modules.
I'll then change into my organization inside there, which is SG tickets.
Again, you'll need to update that organization name.
Inside of there is the common folder.
There's the package on file.
And something is kind of interesting that you'll notice when we install this thing as a dependency,
we didn't get the Z folder or anything like that.
All we got was the build directory and all the files inside there because remember we had set up that
files property inside of our common modules packages on file.
So now I will cat the package JSON file just to print out all the information inside there.
And if I scroll up a little bit, I should be able to verify.
That I've got version 1.09.
Does that means that my container is running the correct version of this module?
The updated version 1.9 right there.
Okay.
So that's it.
That's how we do an update.
Now, of course, you don't actually have to go through the process of verifying that package.
It's on file.
All we really have to do is run some changes inside of our common module.
We're going to run that NPM run pub command.
We'll do an NPM update inside of our project, and that's pretty much it.
That's all we have to do.
So it looks pretty good.
We've got this common module.
What's going to make it really easy to create some additional services in the future, such as the ticketing
one that we're going to start here in just a second and any time we need to make changes to this thing,
well, we've got a strategy for it.
All right.
Enough with lecturing for me.
I'm kind of rattling on now.
So pause right here.
Let's kick off our ticketing service in the next video.